new procedures for 6.2.2 (#239)
hirosystems/docs: docs/references/hiro-archiver.md

replacing `latest` with the date formatted as `yyyymmdd`. Use the table below for current versions.

| Env     | Service            | Version    |
|---------|--------------------|------------|
| Mainnet | API _(deprecated)_ | 5.0.0      | 
|         | Blockchain         | 2.05.0.3.0 |
|         | Postgresql         | 14         |
| Testnet | API _(deprecated)_ | 5.0.0      |
|         | Blockchain         | 2.05.0.3.0 |
|         | Postgresql         | 14         |

Archives are generated in the format {ENV}-{SERVICE}-{VERSION}-{YYYYMMDD}.tar.gz. For example,`mainnet-blockchain-5.0.0-20221013.tar.gz`.

### Constructing the download link

Here are a couple of examples of how a download link can be generated for a specific dataset: 

```[mainnet api .tsv from latest]
 https://storage.googleapis.com/hirosystems-archive/mainnet/api/mainnet-blockchain-5.0.0-latest.tar.gz
 
[testnet postgres database from August 26, 2022]
 https://storage.googleapis.com/hirosystems-archive/testnet/postgres/testnet-postgres-14-20220826.tar.gz 
```

## How to use

### [New] for v6.x.x of the API

> Generating a tsv directly from the Postgres database is the preferred method of obtaining and replaying the tsv for v6.x.x.  

Reviewer: Perhaps keep it TSV for consistency all throughout.

```suggestion
Generating a TSV directly from the Postgres database is the preferred method of obtaining and replaying the TSV for v6.x.x.  
```

> It is neccessary to restore the Postgres database first, then from the API at startup, exec the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is necessary to restore the Postgres database first, then from the API at startup, run the following command:
```
